So, as most of you guys know, I have
been recently playing a lot of
Battlefront 2 again. And last night was
no different. I was playing the game,
having a great time, and then out of
nowhere, I suddenly ran into the
greatest Battlefront 2 player of all
time. And this dude is so good that you
have to pay him
$100 just to even 1v one him. Now, mind
you, I've played this game for a very
long time, and I've never heard of this
guy before. So, I asked him, I was like,
"Why? Like, nobody's paying you $100 to
1v one you, bro." And all he said to me
was, "Check my profile." And when I
checked his profile, I couldn't believe
what I was seeing. This dude supposedly
has a 1v one record of
491-7. Like, who is this guy? So, I was
like, "All right, I I got to one v one
this guy for a video. I have to make it
happen somehow." So, I went ahead and I
told him, "I will pay you the $100 to 1v
one you, but if I beat you, you have to
send me the money back." Now, also, the
whole time I'm talking to him, I'm on a
alt account that's a very low level
because I'm trying to get footage for
another video. So, he had no idea he was
talking to a Silka, but he agreed to
send the money back if I beat him. So,
cool. I went ahead and I sent him the
money. So, after sitting on the phone
with PayPal for like 3 hours, I couldn't
get my money back. So, I was pissed off
because, you know, I'm broke as hell and
now I'm even broker. So, I got on my
main account, my ASO account, and I sent
him a message, a very friendly one. Bro,
I'll tell you what, you fat little. And
this message was enough to actually get
him to want to one v one me. Because
once he figured out he was talking to
Ahsoka, he flipped the [__] out. And not
because he's a fan, but because he
actually hates my guts. Every single
person who watches your videos are
[__] stupid. So, I'm going to one v
one this guy. And if he beats me, he
gets to keep the money. But if I beat
him, he's going to send me the money
back. Hopefully,
[Music]
I'mma get my money back. Capus, you
don't mean any harm. Think you just take
my money like that?
Oh, fight me, bro. You got Vader. But be
aggressive. Come
on. [__] Okay. Okay. Let me regen this
real quick. Let me regen this. Let me
get my health back. He has Vader, you
know, like it's never easy with
Vader. Yo, hook
[Music]
swing.
Y get
back. I knew it. I knew it. Come
on. Okay. Oh, okay. He knows how to
parry. He He's a lot better than I
expected. That's for
sure. Oh my god. No. I'm not dying to
you, bro. You're not killing me. I don't
care. He [__] hung me. Wait. Well, he
has cards on. So, that was a [__]
lie. So, he just sent me a message and
he said, "You [__] suck.
That's cheat. It shouldn't matter.
You're a YouTuber. What? So why did you
make it a rule then? Because I knew if
you got Dark Side first, you were going
to use him. Okay, so we're not counting
that as a win then. You literally broke
your own rules that you set. Like
what? Okay, then you're not getting your
money
[Music]
back. Come. Look at you. You don't got
Vader anymore. Wait, he has flesh his
weak on. Look at that. Yes.
So that was a [__] lie. No, don't
run, dog. Come here. Fight me like a
man. Come
on. Get buried. You can't do any. Look
at him with this. He doesn't want to
fight me.
Look. Yeah, there you go.
I hate the animation. Oh my god. No. No,
I'm not choking this. I'm not choking
this. Faked
out.
Yeah, bro. Freaking tree got in the way.
Oh yeah. Come here. Oh yeah, he's dead.
You're So I sent him a message. I said,
"See, that's what happens when you don't
have a card invader. You get clapped."
And he said, "Don't think you're good. I
was lagging.
[Music]
This is a bad matchup, but this kid's
trash. He's damn sure not 4917. That's
for
sure. What? I should have hit
him. Oh my god, bro. Doo does so much
damage. All right, we're good though.
We're good though. We're good though. I
got size med so I can I can get my
health back.
Yep. Yep. Two hits. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay.
Okay. Okay. All right. Let me calm down.
Let me calm down. Forgot. Look at him
teabacking. Dude, you're not killing me.
I hope you know that. You're not killing
me without
Vader. This dude probably thinks he's so
good, too. Yeah, boy. Come on. I'm going
to get you in one combo and I'm going to
kill
you. Come on. I I can wait here all day.
Yep. Yeah. There we go. Yeah. Yeah. Look
at this house. Come here. Come here.
Yeah. Come here. Yeah. Yeah. Teaag now.
Yeah. Teaag now. Teabag now. Yeah. Tea
bag now. How you like that tea bag? Eat
that up. Eat that up. Out of pocket for
that [__] So I sent him a message and I
said, "How did that tea bag
taste?" And he didn't say nothing
back. Oh yeah. He's angry. Yeah, he's
mad. You didn't like that message,
[Music]
huh? Only got one hit.
Really? All right. He's already at half
health,
so
it Oh, look at
that. You got a sliver of health left.
Look at you. What are you going to do?
What are you going to do? Is this [__]
serious?
You suck. I'm running. Shut your [__]
ass the [__] up.
Thought that was going to hit me. Come
on,
[Music]
Captain. In the back of crazy. Oh my
god. Look, you don't even know what
you're doing, bro. You're just swinging.
You keep your legs.
Look at
you. Do
you honestly think you're [__] funny?
So, he just told me lag switching. Are
we like kappas? Bro, we can all clearly
see you have not been lagging this
entire time. Nobody is lag switching
you, bro. Since you want to cheat, I'm
changing the rules. If you want your
money back, you have to beat me on this
final round.
So, the last character I got is
Yoda. And guess who he
is? Darth [__]
Vader. I should quit, but I need the
money. He He He He knew this was this
was my last character. That's why he did
this [__] All right. I can win this,
though. I can win this,
though. I'm going to get that money
back. I promise you, bro.
Come on.
There's a chokes. All right, let's start
[__]
[Music]
about. Come on. This This what you
wanted, right? This is what you
[Music]
wanted. Oh my
god. Oh my. Yeah. Yeah. Bunch. Oh, two
hits. Yeah. Come
here. Come Jenn.
Yeah. All right. All right. You might
have a choke. Let me chill. Let me
shield. Let me shove again. I got to be
careful
[Music]
here. Oh yeah. I'm going still be
aggressive. [__] Okay, we'll get rid of
[Music]
this. You pop this race. Look, I
guarantee you he has cards on. I
guarantee it. Look, when I hit him, look
at the shield that pops up. Look at
that. You made your own rules just to
break them. That's
crazy. And I'm stoked when I clap you.
Wait. No. Wait. Look at him. Look at him
trying to taunt. Yeah. Yeah. Taunt that.
Taunt that. Taunt that. Look at you.
Look. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look how low you
are. Yo, you're [__] Yeah. Come
here to bring me my money. The game. You
left the [__] game. Oh my
god. No.